
   Yes. Nobody is watching them.  If they get caught, there is no punishment
 at all.  In the old days such behaviour would be rewarded with a whipping
 with a good-sized belt, and then taken into some hospital to see first hand
 what kind of damage such accidents cause.   Of course this doesn't happen
 any more.  That whipping would probably save the kid's life by teaching
 him some respect for others.  A person with that little respect would
 inevitably wind up dead early anyway.
   The problem is creeping gradualism.  If you put a frog into hot water,
 he just jumps out.  But if you put him into cold water and then ever-so-
 gradually heat it, the frog will cook.  This is what the entertainment
 industry and lack of religious, moral, and educational standards in our
 modern North American society have done to us over the years.  Now that
 we are about to be 'cooked', we may have woken up too late.
  And the education system and the Religious Leaders aren't doing much 
 about it, either.  With both parents working in this society, where is
 the stabilizing influence at home?   Latchkey children are everywhere!
 And these latchkey kids can watch whatever rotten videos and listen to
 whatever violent hate-promoting "music" and videos they like because no
 one is home to stop it.
  This day and age, when there is about 100 times more things to learn
 than when I went to school, our answer to this increased knowledge is
 shorter school hours and more leisure time!  I say keep the kids in
 school longer, feed them good food and teach them something, and when
 they get home, have a parent there to interact and monitor them.  There
 is a very old and now forgotten proverb: a child left on his own will
 bring a parent to grief.  Daycare systems are not the answer.  This is
 just shifting the parents' own responsibilities off on someone else to
 whom it's not a life-long committment, but rather just a job.
  Followups should go to alt.parents-teens
 Fred W. Bach ,    Operations Group        |  Internet: music@erich.triumf.ca
 TRIUMF (TRI-University Meson Facility)    |  Voice:  604-222-1047 loc 327/278
 4004 WESBROOK MALL, UBC CAMPUS            |  FAX:    604-222-1074
 University of British Columbia, Vancouver, B.C., CANADA   V6T 2A3
 These are my opinions, which should ONLY make you read, think, and question.
 They do NOT necessarily reflect the views of my employer or fellow workers.
