
True, but that is exactly the "problem": the Mormon extermination order
was issued not just by a Christian, it was ALLOWED under the Constitution
of the United States, which was instituted precisely to prevent incidents
like this "order" from occurring in the first place...  As I indicated in
an earlier posting, your "irrational hatred" is clearly evidenced by
individuals like Robert Weiss (who could have been Gov. Boggs' Lieutenant;
he would have fitted right in, drewling et al), and seems a modern-day
occurrence, based on results (slander, persecution, misrepresentation,
lies, denying Mormons representation in their own user group, etc. etc.
In intent and purpose, what really has changed?
True, as evidenced by numerous examples, as I am sure you're aware.
 ^^^^^^^^
(Correction: the majority of Utahn's ARE Mormon (60-70% I believe, up to a
 100% in many cities and settlements throughout the Western states.)
What I mean is that secular authorities are to be watched, as we believe
that Satan has been given some power and dominion over the earth to divert
truth, judgment, and justice.  In addition, we believe that the adversary
has power to influence the unjust and idolatrous (greed for money would be
a good example) in order to bring about persecution, war, oppression, and
evil combinations.  As an intelligent being, don't you suppose that the
destroyer would yield his influence foremost on those with political power?
As far as Utah is concerned, what I pointed out were some horrible examples
of environmental nightmares imposed upon by secular authorities, which have
brought death, disease, (i.e. the "downwinders") and environmental contami-
nation.  I am hardly "paranoid," I am just not "expecting" too much from a
secular government that may not share our values and faith, and which indeed
(as Gov. Boggs et al.) may be out to harm and destroy us.  As a matter of
fact, prophecies in my church indicate that in future years, (global)
persecution against Mormons will so increase in intensity and scope, that
(paraphrasing) "all those who wish to escape persecution and murder must
flee to Zion."  Zion (the "pure in heart") will be re-established in those
days, and it AIN'T our current secular authorities who will rule over it...
Hmmm.  "definite" by whom?  --Until such has been established beyond reason-
able doubt, this alleged "threat" may have been less than the "threat"
imposed upon him and his followers by the BATF and FBI...
Come now, at issue is in how much the authorities escalated an otherwise
peaceful stand-off: "let's get it over with, and "force" David Koresh to
come out???"  --By gassing them???  Were they naive, or what?  They played
right into the hands of an apocalyptic-thinking individual (he had prepared
his people for this eventuality for years), and not *one* firetruck or plan
was in place to deal with this scenario???  I feel that the authorities
had "some" responsibility to protect their own citizens, even if they were
religious zealots, and guilty of ... not paying a $200 gun license???
(Has the BATF become an extension of the local tax-collectors?)
Que?? --Intrusion into private property with semi's, loaded with life
ammunition, isn't that implicit "intent (or at least "prepared") to kill"?
I ask you, would the BATF warrant stand up in a civil court of justice?
I do not mind if criminals (such as dangerous drug lords) are brought to
justice, but escalating events to the point of allowing to, if not compli-
city with, the destruction of a people?
Casper C. Knies              isscck@byuvm.bitnet
Brigham Young University     isscck@vm.byu.edu
UCS Computer Facilities
