
By "they," you mean the leaders of the lds church?  I grant you that when
Joseph Smith was still alive, plenty of "accusations" were filed, most of
which had little bearing with reality, as evidenced by various verdicts.
I have studied lds history for 15 years now, and I have yet to see prove
that the lds leadership was involved, in quote: "illegal activities."
Plural marriage, yes, but your charge of "underage" wives sounds like it
could have originated from a tabloid, and discredits the high moral
standards which characterized these leaders and families, unlike, as it
appears, those of David Koresh.
And neither did he claim he was.  As the church reflects the moral
aptitude of its leaders (and especially those of Joseph Smith), I have
nothing but the highest respect for this inspired man, whose only "crime"
was that he refused to deny that he had seen a vision...  Many have tried
to explain the "Smith phenomenon" away, but the bold presence of an 8.5
million member strong church stands as a witness that Joseph Smith's
testimony had enough resilience and power to carry on the message.
"The rest" were apostates and excommunicated members of the Church,
while the great majority of the membership, the Twelve, and the various
auxiliary organizations, chose to accept Brigham Young as the new
prophet and leader of the Church.  If you knew your lds scriptures and
doctrine, you would have known that Brigham Young was the FIRST in
line to fill the prophet Joseph Smith's vacancy: he was the senior
apostle in the Quorum, and various comments made by Joseph indicated
that it was Brigham who would lead the latter-day exodus to the West.
Other rightful "heirs" were either dead (Hyrum Smith) or excommunicated
(Oliver Cowdery), and while persecutions abounded and intensified,
Joseph Smith had already given orders to look for a new place, an empty
land beyond the boundaries of the United States (at that time).  This
"Rekhabite" principle (pseudographia) was well understood and antipated
by the great majority of lds faithful, and was not questioned by them.
Granted, a couple of "do-it-yourselfers" stayed behind, unwilling to
sacrifice and to undertake the perilous journey to the unknown, but
this also was necessary to separate the tares from the wheat.  The
church benefitted from this purification process: they became even
more unified and willing to carry out their mission to the world.
BTW, since when is the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (one of
the largest denominations in the country) a "sect"???  It didn't "splinter"
from any other religion, as did say, the Southern Baptists or Methodists.
What a balloney.  Suicide is sinful and against the law of God.  I am
not comfortable with this alleged "cosiness" with Mammon: I assure you
that *many* among us reject this attitude categorically.  Period.  Our
ONLY true allegiance is to our God and to the leaders which He has
appointed to represent Him.  In any regard, to read this TRASH (about
suicide and "atone for sins with blood") is yet another insulting
misrepresentation of what my church believes in and stands for...
Make it a really big salt mountain with a glacier on top.
Preposterous.  Even if this were true (reliable data, please), I
am convinced that those officers would perform to the highest codes
of honor and conduct (that's why they were selected for in the
first place, remember?).  Besides, one of our Articles of Faith
STRONGLY states the principle of freedom of religion, and that all
people are free to worship "*how*, *where*, or *what* they may."
A good explanation, I can accept that.  You are right that lds people
are sometimes a little too cosy with Mammon's "orders" (the late
president Kimball, for example, was an exception with his strong
opposition of the selection of the MX "Peace Keeper" missile maze
in Utah).
Casper C. Knies              isscck@byuvm.bitnet
Brigham Young University     isscck@vm.byu.edu
UCS Computer Facilities
